docs/multiplexing: overhaul plugin documentation (#14509)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/plugins/plugin-development.mdx

type you want to build. You can find these definitions in the docs for the
backend running the plugin.

```go
package main

import (
	"os"

	myPlugin "your/plugin/import/path"
	"github.com/hashicorp/vault/api"
	"github.com/hashicorp/vault/sdk/plugin"
)

func main() {
	apiClientMeta := &api.PluginAPIClientMeta{}
	flags := apiClientMeta.FlagSet()
	flags.Parse(os.Args[1:])

	tlsConfig := apiClientMeta.GetTLSConfig()
	tlsProviderFunc := api.VaultPluginTLSProvider(tlsConfig)

	err := plugin.Serve(&plugin.ServeOpts{
		BackendFactoryFunc: myPlugin.Factory,
		TLSProviderFunc:    tlsProviderFunc,
	})
	if err != nil {
		logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{})

		logger.Error("plugin shutting down", "error", err)
		os.Exit(1)
	}
}
```

And that's basically it! You would just need to change `myPlugin` to your actual
plugin.

[api_addr]: /docs/configuration#api_addr

## Building a Plugin from Source

To build a plugin from source, first navigate to the location holding the
desired plugin version. Next, run `go build` to obtain a new binary for the
plugin. Finally,
[register](/docs/plugins/plugin-architecture#plugin-registration) the
plugin and enable it.

## Plugin Development - Resources

> For more information on how to register and enable your plugin, check out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to register and enable your plugin, refer to the
```

	})
	if err != nil {
		logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{})

		logger.Error("plugin shutting down", "error", err)
		os.Exit(1)
	}
}
```

And that's basically it! You would just need to change `myPlugin` to your actual
plugin.

[api_addr]: /docs/configuration#api_addr

## Building a Plugin from Source

To build a plugin from source, first navigate to the location holding the
desired plugin version. Next, run `go build` to obtain a new binary for the
plugin. Finally,
[register](/docs/plugins/plugin-architecture#plugin-registration) the
plugin and enable it.

## Plugin Development - Resources

For more information on how to register and enable your plugin, check out the
[Building Plugin Backends](https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault/developer/plugin-backends)
tutorial.

Other HashiCorp plugin development resources:

* [vault-auth-plugin-example](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-auth-plugin-example)
* [Custom Secrets Engines](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/vault/custom-secrets-engine)

### Plugin Development - Resources - Community

Community plugin examples/guides are developed by community members. HashiCorp
does not validate these for correctness.

>  - [Enigma (good starting point)](https://github.com/ixe013/benigma)

Reviewer 2: Would it be better to link to the plugin portal (community section) rather than point out any specific one over here?

Author: Yeah, I think that makes more sense

>  - [Enigma (good starting point)](https://github.com/ixe013/benigma)

Reviewer 2: I wonder if it's better to link to the plugin portal (community section) rather than point out any specific one over here.
